# Aug 15, 2015 @ 8:30PM

Landing was no more fun than taking off.  The trip in the bus from the airport to the Boulder HQ was uneventful.  The bus was loud as any teenage gathering of boys would be expected to be.  15 boys, and three senior Venatori all in one space.  I remember why I don't like these things.  But now I'm in my own room, I can still hear the boys with my hearing but that's not something I can do anything about.  I was able to focus on my yoga and relax after the plane ride.  My little red dragon watched from his perch on my bed.  I called Sage and we talked about Dylan.  And Trent.  

But really I was just glad to hear his voice.

Tomorrow we hike to camp and then the real fun begins.  It's been awhile since I've had to actually teach survival.  Actually I never have, not that I can't.  I mean I've helped Walker learn in the city, but out in the wilderness that's a different story.  It's a skill every child learns in the Academy, the same way the boys are doing now.  A group of 15 boys or 15 girls are taken out and they are thrown to the wolves.  Or another metaphor, they learn to sink or swim, trial by fire, whichever suits your needs.

Dylan has been nothing less than friendly, he even sat with me after we got off the plane while the others went to get their luggage.  I still had to get mine as well but I always have to get straight after a flight.  Anxiety is a bitch.    

It's sad when everything you own fits into one bag.  Well most of everything.  My clothes are not all here, but I have never owned much.  And most of it is all in my bag with me.

Sleep probably won't come easily and when it does I imagine that it will be fitful and I'll wake with nightmares.  Trent called lights out. And the I could hear the arguments.  Dylan just laughed and told them "Fine, 6am comes early."  

The lights all went out but after 20 minutes the boys all started being loud again.  Typical kids.  I should lie down.  I'll be up soon anyway.  This is going to be a rough few days.

