# Aug 16, 2015 @ 12:45PM

Looks like I have a little while to wait for the rest of the guys to show up and we can move on up to the next camp.  It's not a usual thing to do this so early in the learning, but I guess since this one is gone we have no choice in the matter. The fire was still going when I got there.  It had been going for a while, there was nothing left though.  I put the fire out.  A little air, water and earth and it was out.  There is little salvageable here.  I've looked through most of the ruins now.

The place smells like Drake.  It's kinda comforting sitting her in the trees waiting the rest of them.  The air is cool, but it's a little thin.  But it's crystal clear even with the smoke in the air it's perfect.  I missed the mountains.  But I couldn't do this everyday.  I let my senses go and I could feel everything.  There is no one around for miles.  I can hear the woodland creatures around me.  I can hear the crystal creek running nearby.  I can taste the smoke in the air.  The damp leaves smell a little rotten yet fertile.  It's heaven yet the scariest place on earth.  

The memories from here are not quite fond ones.  I loved my mother.  I guess I still do, but there are too many other painful things to go with her than that love it's buried deep down.  I say I hate her but to hate something is to care enough to do so.  I don't care enough.  I regret never telling her I forgive her and that I'm sorry I lit the curtains on fire.  I don't want to think about it.  I don't want to write too much more about it.  Hell I shouldn't dwell on it.  There is nothing I can do, my mother is dead.  Died in the infirmary we just left, and was injured not to far from the second camp we will head to.  Not a lot of good memories here - none at all.

I can hear the pack of boys thrashing through the woods.  I should yell at them!  Maybe I'll scare them instead… decisions.

