# Aug 22, 2015 @ 4:35AM

I hate my life sometimes.  I probably got three hours of sleep thanks to the dumb ass kid who decided to get lost.  But does my mind and body let me sleep - not a chance.  I don't need to be up now.  Hell, I tried to go back to sleep.  Even Dylan rolled back over when his alarm went off.  I hadn't noticed before now that he set one to go swimming every morning.  Midnight and 4am use to be something I could do.  I must be getting old.  

I want very much to curl back up and go to bed.  But my brain won't let me.  I got an email from Sage early yesterday evening that I didn't get until just now.  I must not have seen it last night when I was writing my end of day report.  Turns out they found four of the five kids.  The oldest teenage boy - they don't know where he is.  They have no records of him, they can't find him.  Sam and Emma have both been scheduled to see Dr. Silverman per Dorian's request.  The other two kids from my dream, Luis and Mary Ellen have been seeing their own therapists for other reasons.  Luis is depressive.  Mental health issues in the Venatori is rare. It's usually caused by external stimulus rather than nature - being born that way.  I'm fairly certain Luis stem from the same reasons mine do - Garrett.  Only no one believed him.  

Dorian insisted that Luis at least talk with Dr. Silverman once. Mary Ellen is in the psych ward in the Infirmary.  She hurt herself one too many times and is on a permanent suicide watch.  No one knows why she does, she doesn't speak to anyone.  Margo was going to look in on her, tell her that it was alright to speak about it.  She could help.

But that fifth boy was still missing - still unable to find him.  Sage went outside the Venatori records.  He started searching through the human databases.  He had emailed to tell me about that.  It was slow since he didn't want to get caught, he was trying to talk his father into helping him.  We'd see where that went.

I have to get my head on right.  I'm tired and in serious need of coffee and I don't care if I wake the whole damned camp with it.  If I'm going to teach tracking today I need to be up and about and thinking straight.

