# Aug 24, 2015 @ 7:30PM

Well, shit hit the fan.  That mountain lion that had been hanging around, hung around Trent's group while they were doing their thing.  John and Phil decided it would be a good idea to throw rocks at it.  Venatori strength means they hit pretty damn hard.  They thought that pelting the lion in the head was funny.  

The mountain lion got the last laugh and mauled John.  Trent shot it but it wasn't a kill shot.  That was the ruckus we heard - the boys chasing after the mountain lion like they could do anything with it.  The only one who hadn't chased after it in Team 2 was Chris.  He was doing the smart thing and tending to idiot boy's wounds.

Trent and his team want revenge, they want to go hunting said mountain lion.  Dylan has pretty much forbidden it.  And since he's leader of our rag-tag group his word is law - or so say the by-laws.  He's the most senior of the three of us - not only in age but in Boulder's wilderness.  

I expect that Team 2 is going to be trying to sneak off.  I told Dylan that he he smirked.  I'd like them see them get past you.  I quirked my eyebrow at him and he just laughed.  "Later."

John's claw marks were slow to fade.  They were healing but they weren't healing fast.  I didn't let anyone know that wasn't supposed to happen.  The only time that our bodies healed that slow from an animal mauling was when they were supernatural in nature.  No one caught it but me.  I was pretty sure my survival guru's out here had never actually be up against a real creature.  

I lent John my ability with the elements and watched the wound heal faster than it would have normally.  Everyone turned in early.  Trent's team going to rack sooner than the rest to actually catch a few z's before they tried to sneak out.  My boys were next to follow - mostly because they'd been up earlier than the rest and they had been running around the woods playing games.  Team building all their own.  My five outcasts were thicker than thieves after day one.

Dylan sent his crew to bed and he and I sat by the fire.  His hand strayed to my knee and he leaned close and whispered softly in my ear.  "Let's go someplace a little more private."  Everything about what Dylan looked like he was hitting on me.  That's what it felt like too.  His fingers playing against the skin of my legs just under the hem of my shorts.  He took my hand and hauled me after him.  I really didn't have much choice, unless I let him drag me, his grip was firm on my hand as we traipsed through the woods towards the creek.

Out of hearing range of every Venatori Dylan pulled me against a tree and pressed me to it.  He leaned in and his body lain against mine.  I swallowed hard and was about to say something when Dylan leaned in and whispered in my ear.  His breath tickling my neck and I couldn't help the reaction it elicited.  But his words were anything but sweet nothings, "Trent's faking sleep."

I nodded, and understood Dylan was making out with me to fool his friend - or many not so much his friend.  I let Dylan continue with his charade and knew that I was reacting the way I should despite the fact I truly wanted him away from me.  Ironically had this been before Sage I would have welcomed this closeness from the guy I crushed on for so long.

"You healed John, did you?"  He asked as he pressed his lips against my neck.

I nodded.  I didn't want to speak and let him know exactly how much he was affecting me.  "The mountain lion was a shifter."

I hissed softly, "Yes."  But it came out more of a moan than I'd have liked and I could feel the smile Dylan hid against my neck.  

"You are too easy."

I laughed, "Tell me about it."  I whispered back, "What are you doing about it?"

"Can you hold a wall of air in your sleep?"

I nodded and pulled Dylan closer with a fistful of his shirt.  If he wanted to play the game I would return the favor.  "I can."  I kissed his neck and felt the shiver run up his body.  

"I get your point, I'll behave."  He groaned out.  "Do it please."

I nodded and pushed him away from me with probably more force than needed.  Dylan's eyes were wide and I grinned at him playfully, "As much as I'd like to, I'm taken."  I turned and walked away and left Dylan behind me.  

He whispered so I could hear him before walking off, "You are such a tease."

I couldn't help but laugh silently to myself.  Dylan followed me back to camp and gave me the dirtiest look he could muster before he rolled over in his bedding to ignore me.  I put a wall of air around our camp.  Nothing would get in, and nothing would get out.  We were safe from the mountain lion, and he safe from us."  

I probably won't sleep much, but I have to at least try.

