# Aug 25, 2015 @ 4:15AM

Nightmares came as they always do.  But I was awaken prematurely when there was a high pitched scream when one of the boys ran head long into my shield of air.  John was screaming.  He'd fallen backwards and landed wrong on his arm and it was bent awkwardly.  Trent was trying to get the boy to sit still when I stirred.

The look Trent gave me was not a pleasant one.  I wrapped the boy up in air and he screamed even louder waking every other boy up who hadn't been wakened by his screaming before.  I sighed. "I can gag him if you want."

Trent looked at John and asked, "Can you shut up?"

He nodded quickly and clamped his mouth shut and tried not to scream as Trent bent his arm back into place and set it for healing.  It would heal quickly but it could heal wrong and need to be rebroken.  It was always a problem with broken bones.  I knew the problem of broken bones all to fondly.  Jumping from the AU building had it's pit falls.

Dylan smiled at me and put his arm over my shoulder and laughed.  "I think John is accident prone."

I smiled at him and patted his hand with a smile and promptly moved it from my shoulder.  "I don't want rumors floating back to Sage."

Dylan laughed, "Sage reads your stuff, he already knows."

I raised an eyebrow.  "You are reading it?"

He nodded.  "It's rather entertaining."

I rolled my eyes.  "I think your memory though is a bit biased."

"It's my head, stay out of it." 

Dylan laughed.

Trent finished his work and came over to me and pulled his fist back and Dylan caught it before it hit me in the face.  Trent's words however did not stop in Dylan's grasp.  "Who the fuck do you think you are putting a wall of air around us?"

Dylan smiled.  "He did it on my order."

Trent stared at Dylan.  "Why would side with this fag?"

I sighed and I walked away. Dylan could deal with Trent.  My boys were sitting around the fire chatting with one another with Chris and and Nate sitting there.  I sat down with them and half heartedly listened to the seven of them and tried to ignore the conversation behind me.  I really didn't need Trent right now.

