# Aug 26, 2015 @ 5:30AM

I woke up as usual and had myself a long yoga session by the creek - alone.  Matt was comfortable staying with the other boys and Dylan hadn't joined me.  As I was leaving a yawning Dylan came into view of my little orb of light.  He frowned at me and I walked past - so much for our friendly chatter.  I heard him stop behind me but I didn't care.  He called after me, "Nox?"

I stopped and turned around to look at him.  "Look, about the other day… Trent was out of line."

I shrugged.  "I've been called a fag before, it's not a big deal."  I turned and started walking.  

Dylan sighed, "That wasn't what I wanted to say."

I stopped by didn't turn around.  I was tired of the games.  I know something I did, and now I was tired of it.  This trip was making me see so many of my own faults.  Things I needed to change.  I turned around, "What did you want to say, Dylan?  You were sorry for siding with a bunch of boys who would kick another kid because he was different?  Cause you did it too.  You want to apologize for trying to kill a boy who didn't do anything wrong.  What exactly did you want to say Dylan, cause I can't wait to hear it."

"You're a real ass, you know that?"  Dylan said harshly.

I nodded.  "I do.  But see unlike you I don't judge people because they are different."

He took a step towards me and I took a step back, "Look Dylan.  I don't care if you have been being friendly because you wanted my help.  But all you had to do was ask.  I don't need your pity friendship, I'm perfectly fine being who I am."  I turned around and walked away.

Dylan spluttered, "I wasn't… It wasn't pity."  He sighed.  "Nox, stop.  Please?"  He begged.

I sighed and turned around for the last time and looked at my former crush.  How he had fallen.

"Dae'lin didn't send you here.  Gary did.  It's just as much a test for you, as it is for the boys.  Gary wanted to know if you could work your magic here, like you could in the city.  You brought down The Dragon.  That's a big deal.  He was one of the oldest and most powerful creatures, and you shot him in the head when it mattered.  Your alliances came in handy.  Dae'lin made me come here with you because she thought a familiar face would be helpful.  Less alienated.  I only agreed because I wanted to apologize to you.  I know I was an ass to you.  We all were, but we were stupid kids."  Dylan sighed, "I see you with those boys.  They love you.  They will probably continue to like you even after class is over.  Even my guys like you - with the exception of James who doesn't like any of us low born."

Dylan walked the rest of the distance.  "I'm sorry.  Really.  And I'm sorry about yesterday.  Gary sent you to make peace and I shot at a kid.  Old habits are hard to break."

I sighed, "You shot at kids regularly?"  I shook my head and turned back towards camp.  "We'll sit down and figure out a plan tonight after we get the games done.  They could learn a few things about scouting from today's games.  Then maybe they can be of more use finding the Therian camp so we can talk to them."

I didn't wait for Dylan to acknowledge my words I just walked away.  I wasn't here to make friends, and now it seemed I was here to stop a war between Darwynn Randall and the Venatori.  I was starting to see a trend.

