# Aug 27, 2015 @ 5:30AM

We gave Trent a Venatori burial.  Which consisted of a funeral pier and a celebration of his life.  So there were booze and drugs and just plain goofing off.  Normally there would be dancing and lots of sex.  Not orgy sex mind you.  Funerals always lead to nights of drunken debauchery.  But there were none of that here considering we were all guys and only three of us swung the other way.  

I had a beer and watched everyone have a good time.  Everyone was up late and everyone slept well past the time we needed to wake up.  But the obstacle course was not really going to take all day so it was alright.  Even I woke up later than usual.

Dylan didn't go swimming but I did my yoga. It helped with the stress.  We had a dead body - they would care now.  I wasn't looking forward to more hunters being here, there was going to be more blood shed.

Dylan called HQ as soon as I finished my workout.  I overheard him talking to them.  I was pretty sure he meant for me to hear.  "Yes, ma'am.  Trent was killed in action.  We need someone here asap."

I didn't hear the other end of the satilite phone that would require opening up my senses and I wasn't really in the mood to do that.  And I didn't really care what they said.  

Orders would come down.  The therians would die.  Every man woman and child involved would perish at the hands of whatever Venatori they sent.  And they'd probably drag all the boys into it.  Even the non-hunters.  It was a good learning experience.

Dylan nodded and hung up the phone.  "They are sending Mick and Kenny."  He had a half smile on his face, he got to see his girlfriend.  It had to be an interesting relationship because Dylna had a wife at home with his son Sam.  And he had his girlfriend out here in the woods.  I wondered if his wife knew.  I figured Mick new, she wan't the monogomous type.  She liked to have a good time, and her men came to her.  

Even I had had a good time with her despite our disagreements.

But I didn't know this Kenny.  I likely didn't want to.  Most hunters were like my father.  Shoot first.  Never ask questions.  They carried a gun, helpt silver, wood and hollow points on them at all times.  They never went hand to hand unless absolutely necessary.  And they knew only the basics about the creature, and how to kill it.  

We roused the boys and we ate breakfast, now we are off to run obstacles while we wait for the hunters to arrive.  If they were at Boulder HQ they'd be here at the end of the day, if they were out here in the woods somewhere, they could be days out.  We just didn't know right now.  We'd konw in a few hours after we got a call from Kenny or Mick what their eta was.  

