# Aug 28, 2015 @ 10:55PM

All day I've had this strange feeling I can't shake, but no matter how far I stretch my senses, I can't find anyone following us.

Two weeks in and the bulk of their grades start now.  Michaela took Trent's group out.  Dylan his and I took mine.  We were hiking out two days with the boys to get them out in the right direction.  There were three checkpoints.  Each time had to find their own, and then find camp.  So it was a 4 day hike for them after we left.  Four days of just adults, no boys around.  Not exactly something I was looking forward to.  But I had two days with my five boys.  

There really isn't much to go on right now.  Matt and I walked and talked about what it meant to be a null and how we might possibly test it.  In reality it was easy, all I had to do was talk to Ant.  Hell, I could just call him and he'd be here in an instant, there were so many shadows here I'm surprised my thoughts hadn't called him.  Sometimes they do, thankfully most of the time they don't.

Tomorrow we hike again all day.  Even my feet hurt and I wished for the nearby creek.  But camp consisted of their tents, and what food Jerry manage to trap before we left.  He set up snares around camp for the night.  He at least understood the need for food.  

Steven managed to bean a squirrel in the head and they had squirrel for dinner.  I declined and ate what I'd brought with me.  I wasn't going to eat a rodent – too much like rat for my tastes.  Yes I was being spoiled but I didn't care.  I only had to live like this for two days.  They had at minimum six.

