# Aug 30, 2015 @ 12:50PM

Even after an excellent night – no I'm not sharing those details :P I'm going to let you wonder what we did what we talked about.  I will tell you it was hot though. 

Okay, yeah...

Back to my story and not the sex... Even after my talk with Sage I still woke up with nightmares.  Less than usual, not enough to warrant a calming yoga session.  But I got up early and I started my hike back to camp.  I didn't have that strange feeling someone was following me.  I didn't much like that.  I was almost tempted to circle back to find the boys and watch them from a far but then I'd be tempted to help them so I didn't.

Just before I was about to take my lunch I found Darwynn standing against a tree waiting for me.  He was dressed in blue jeans and light blue t-shirt that made the strong marine body stand out.  I smiled at him and he stepped away from the tree and fell in step with me.  "I brought lunch."

I looked at him and he moved in another direction than I was going.  I followed, well I caught up to him, he let me.  We walked as equals.  That was a good start.  Among the therians, and most supernatural creatures appearances meant everything.  Darwynn was acknowledging I was his equal, not his lesser.  I wasn't going to die by his hand – at least not yet.

There was a fallen log that had a red checkered table cloth on it with a nice spread.  It smelled good from where I was when I saw it.  Darwynn waved a hand at one side of the makeshift table, "I hope you aren't a vegetarian."  He growled.

I was almost tempted to tell him I was, but the food looked delicious and I was tired of fire cooked foods made by boys.  I shook my head, "Right now, this looks like a great last meal."

I grinned at him when he started to stammer before he looked over at me. "Humor.  Sarcasm.  Understood."

I smiled.  "Probably something you need to get used to if you are going to talk to me."

"Noted."  He said as he sat down and took a leg of what looked like chicken but it was too small.  

I took a leg myself though I didn't really like game.  "Civilized lunch.  What did you want to talk about?"

Darwynn kept on eating, he didn't touch any of the vegetables, more like gourds on the spread so I didn't either.  It wasn't that I didn't like them I didn't want him to think I was some kind of health nut or something.

He finished his leg and I ate in silence waiting for him to answer.  He wiped his mouth with his hands then smiled at me. "Civilized.  I can be. More than you Venatori."

I grinned at him. "I can give you that.  But what can I help you with. Lunch wasn't just about saying I'm better than you."

Darwynn nodded, "Well that is part of it.  I don't think a boy like you can help me.  I called New York, asked the pack there.  They said you were some kinda freak Venatori.  No real pull with your own people, but connections everywhere else."

"You checked up on me."  I smiled. "I can't help with my people, but I they sent me here to try to help you."

Darwynn shook his head. "Kid, look.  You can't help.  The Venatori sent you here to die.  They send them all here to die."  He stood up and waved his hand over the food.  "Enjoy your last supper."  He walked off into the woods and I sat and stared off into the woods.   I left the food where it was and I started back to camp.  I had several more hours of light, and several more hours of walking after that.  I could be back at camp and dealing with this.  I wasn't sure who to believe.

