# Sept 4, 2015 @ 2:06AM

Shortly after my little speech we heard an explosion in the direction we were heading. Everyone ran in that direction.  We were still an hour out by the time we saw the billowing smoke it was too late.

I could smell the stench of burning flesh and hair.  The fire burned hot and it smelled like petroleum and other man made things.  There were no survivors.  Well I say that, but it's a lie.  I found a woman who's body was burning she was still alive, her therian blood kept her alive longer, her lungs hadn't burnt with the smoke.  But the burn marks on her body I knew.  Dragon's fire.  Or napalm – man made dragon's fire.  The stuff burns until there is nothing left to burn.  She wailed for me to help her.  I tried.  But It was too much to heal.  She begged and pleaded.  I told her I was sorry.  She whispered, "Kill me."  she whispered it over and over until I was certain that was what she said.

I had my gun out, Faelen was behind me.  He yelled when I pulled the trigger.  He scooped the dead woman up in his arms and glared at me heedless of the napalm he had on his skin.  He screamed even as I put the fire out with my power.  His arm and chest would scar, but he'd live.  I picked him up and carried him as I put out the fires all around us.  

Faelen had passed out in my arms.  I almost dropped the boy several times while I walked but he clung to me even as I stumbled to my knees.

There were no survivors.  And I didn't see anything that was recognizable as Dylan or Michaela, only women and children – burnt and dead.  there were no men in this villiage, they were out hunting us. And Michaela and Dylan killed their families....

At the edge of their little village I collapsed.  Matt said I passed out completely.  I woke up a few minutes ago.  My boys all around the fire sleeping.  Darwynn dressed and standing by the fire watching over us.  He spoke quietly when he saw me watching him.  "The rest are dead, the boy and I the only survivors.  There was no way we could survive against what they threw at us."

I sat up and put my head on my knees and closed my eyes.  It was hard to move, hard to breathe.  I asked when the nausea was swept away when Matt laid his hand on my leg, still asleep he knew I was in need.  "Are you going to retaliate?"

Darwyn knelt down in front of me, creating a dark silhouette in front of me against the bright fire.  "To what end.   So you can kill me?"

I sighed.  "Come back with me, help me fix this?"

Darwynn laughed as he stood up, "What's a boy like you going to do?"

I looked up at him with a smile.  "Come with me and find out."

Darwynn nodded once as he pulled his shirt off.  "I'll think about it.  I'm hungry.  I smelled a buck pass by not long ago."  He shifted and was off at a run now that I was awake. 

Michaela and Dylan were still missing, but right now I didn't care.  They could die for all I cared at the moment.  The boys were safe, and that was all I cared about.  

