# Sept 6, 2015 @ 4:45AM

Yesterday was a busy day, I didn't get a chance to hit the writing.  I didn't wake up with nightmares this morning.  My alarm actually woke me up.  Sage is still curled up in his bed sleeping.  He rolled over when my alarm went off after kissing me good morning.  I missed him.  I needed him.

So.  Yesterday we got back to HQ early in the morning.  We were able to book a flight for that afternoon and all of us were going to fly back to JFK and be back home in our own beds by 11:46PM.  It was late, but we were all okay with that.

While we waited for the vans to take us to the airport, we saw two familiar faces walking around HQ, hand in hand all kissy faced.  The boys all greeted them with fondness.  But I saw the surprised looks on their faces before they hid them behind the feigned happiness.  They had left the boys to die.  It made me wonder if Dylan's son was really in trouble, or if he was feigning that too.

Thankfully I got that answer.  Dylan came over to me and offered me his hand which I ignored.  He frowned at me, "I thought we were past that."

I smiled at him, "We were until you left 13 boys to die in the woods."

He paled a little.  "I had my orders."

"Yeah?  Be glad I don't have a gun handy or I'd shoot you in the head right now."

"Whatever.  I came over here to thank you about Sam.  Dr. Silverman accepted him as a patient and Lisa says he's doing better.  Still has nightmares and bleeds every night, but he's talking to her about it now.  Lisa is afraid.  I don't think I'll be coming out in the woods until we solve this."

I nodded.  I didn't want to tell Dylan I would help him.  Because I wasn't helping the bastard at all.  I was helping his son, a six year old boy who Garret was fucking over.  Dylan could rot in hell for all I cared.  I wished he could live through just one night of what Sam endured.  My goal was to check in with all those kids who I'd seen.  And I hoped to find that boy who we can't seem to locate.  Dorian and Sage were locking but I hadn't gotten any updates since before all this happened.  Maybe it'll all work out.

I shared a row with Matt and Faelen.  Faelen got the window seat – he was in heaven.  I was glad for his enthusiasm but I was still freaking the fuck out. Darwynn sat across the aisle from me.  I think he wanted to see me freaking out.  I thought I heard him chuckling from behind his magazine, but I ignored it.  Wait till he saw me in an elevator without Sage.

When we landed, the boys were all taken to the Academy.  Matt took Faelen with him – said he could bunk with him until we got things situated.  I definitely didn't have room for the wolf in my apartment.  Sage, my love, my light, met me at the airport.  He was waiting with my bag on his shoulder when I made it down to claim it.  His blue eyes sparkled and I had to keep my feelings in check when he wrapped his arms around me.  

He drove me to his house. We barely said a word.  His hand strayed to my leg or arm most of the ride.  Comforting me the only way he could.  He said that Drake was with my dad for the night.  He said, "I promised Drake you'd let him have cake for breakfast tomorrow.  It was the only way he'd stay with your dad."

I laughed, and then I felt the bubble break.  I didn't break down and cry, but I felt the world crash in on me long before Sage was helping me out of the car outside his house.  He carried my things inside and took them upstairs to his room.  He was grinning like a fool.  My things were finally almost completely in his house now.  

I didn't take off my clothes as I plopped down on his bed.  Sage touched my face and smiled down at me.  "You okay?"

I shook my head.  "No love, I'm not.  I need you."

He smiled brightly at me, "I'm not going anywhere."

I fell back on the bed and pulled Sage by his shirt with me.  His body pressed mine into the mattress and I kissed his neck then whispered into his ear, "You misunderstand.  I need you, love.  I need you inside me.  I need you."  

Sage's body shuddered on top of me, "I thought you'd never ask."

It wasn't the most perfect night, I broke down completely after releasing all that built up tension.  But I had no desire to leave afterwards.  Hell I curled up next to him, naked and we slept, I dreamt of him and for the first time in a while, the nightmares didn't scare me when they woke me.  Sure my heart was beating, my body was sore from the beatings, but I was still in Sage's bed.  He loved me.  I loved him, and together we could accomplish anything.  And I had a feeling that life was going to get even crazier now that I was on a mission to right the wrongs of the world.  Not because I was special but because those boys I saved were.  All of them are – everywhere.

